Before we jump was being at ajp, legs was set up bicycle database in our local machine.
So here what I've done is using the bicycle workbench, I have created one schema that is university
and inside that I have created one table that is table.
So this is very simple.
Table, OK?
Let me show you the structure of it.
So this wooden table has total four columns.
Its first name, last name, email, this idea column is having the database begin and other three columns
are having the data diapers worker.
Heidi Gholam is primarily of this table.
So obviously, it's not normal, and this is that does Auto-enrolment.
That means basically database will order implemented by one whenever we will insert a new record in
this particular table.
So this is very simple table.
Let's go to this table.
So as of now, this table has two records.
So this is very simple table having the four columns, OK?
You can create it yourself or along with this lecture, I will provide the sequel file for this university
schema.
You can download it and import in your local machine using the bicycle workbench.
It's up to you.
So make sure before we jump to the next lecture, you have the student table in your local bicycle database,
so that's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.